Darts extension pages (#5733)
microsoft/pxt-arcade: libs/darts/docs/reference/darts/control-with-arrow-keys.md

# control With Arrow Keys

If enabled, set force properties for a dart throw using the arrow keys.

```sig
darts.create().controlWithArrowKeys()
```

> As a way to set the force properties of a dart during gameplay, you can us the arrow key to change them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a way to set the force properties of a dart during gameplay, you can use the arrow keys to change them.
```
